Sep-27 8:30pm - 10:00pm
  -All attended, Yuri left after 10pm
  -Looked at the project 2 source code as a group.
  -Discussed the requirements for project 2 (mostly the AI opponent and custom addition).
  -Began discussing how to implement the AI opponent and what our custom addition will be.
  -Decided to establish a tasklist in Google Doc in order to manage current tasks.
  -TASKS:
    -Nifemi: Fork Group 6's project 1 repository and make a branch for Group 18.
    -Yuri: Make/share the Google Doc and make the work-hours.txt file.

Sep-30 6:30pm - 7:54pm
  -Attendees: Rudro, Nifemi, Yuri, Anna
  -Completed plan for Custom Addition:
    -Add background images for intro and gameplay screens
	-Add images for ships, hit and miss, special ability
	-Decided on making a "sonar" ability that reveals ships in a portion of the board.
	-The ship placement, and the selection for the sonar ability, will be handled by clicking and dragging icons onto the board.
	-incorporate music for the intro and gameplay and sounds for hits, misses, and game end.
  -Discussed task delegation and AI implementation.
  -TASKS:
    -Nifemi: add screen backgrounds for intro and gameplay.
	-Anna: change ship number selections into buttons on canvas instead of keyboard input.
	-Rudro: make the game fit inside the browser window.
	-Yuri: write/send custom proposal to GTA, research Requirement Engineering Artifact and work-hours estimate methods.
  -NEXT MEETING: Sunday